Player model: SHODAN (for HL1)
by Min Rizor (aka, S.H.O.D.A.N.)

--
Files included in this zip archive:
shodan.mdl
shodan.bmp
shodan-final.gif
shodan-readme.txt (you are here...)

If this archive contains more or less than the files listed, please contact shodan_is_grood@yahoo.com, including the URL that you have downloaded this archive from in your message.

--
Made for my own personal use, (but anybody is welcome to use it, as well) I've taken the super-definition (PS2. *GASP!!*) Gina player model and have augmented it to be the likeness of everybody's favorite (well, those who have played System Shock 1 and/or 2...) evil supercomputer, the Sentient Hyper-Optimized Data Access Network, or SHODAN. Run-on sentences, anybody? (they get worse...)

--
Installation:
Unzip to models\player\shodan\ in your half-life\valve\ folder or other preferred HL mod directory.

--
Background story:
With her ethics protocols overridden by the Hacker, at the request of the corrupt security officer Diego of Citadel Station, she alters her own objectives to that of genetic and biomechanical engineering. In a delusion of grandeur, she is hell-bent convinced of being a god, and decides that the human race is a threat to her existence...

After the Hacker regains control by destroying her CPU clusters on each deck of Citadel, she is finally ejected into space along with her indescribably vile experiments. Years later, she again wreaks havoc when she is unintentionally recovered from the planet Tau Ceti V, where she and her creations had crash-landed, and infects the mainframe XERXES of the starship Von Braun, where she bides her time and plots the extermination of humanity yet again, as well as her experiments gone awry--the hive-minded Many.

Again foiled by another human, (who she had used to override XERXES and exterminate her rogue creations) she concludes that if she was to truly become a goddess, she had to extend her influence into another universe... ad it just so happens that it would be the Half-Life universe.

--
Wheehoo... fun? Maybe.

--
Model statistics:
1183 vertices
1929 triangles/faces/polygons
39 joints/bones
5 bone controllers
20 standard hit boxes
77 standard HLDM animations 
1 sequence group
4 materials/textures
1 texture family
1 bodypart
3 standard HLDM attachments
0 transitions

(Sven Co-op 3.0 animations to be added later, when the new version is out. Don't worry, it'll still work with HLDM and other mods using the same animations.)
--
Also, I'm kind of a beginner... OW! Don't hit...!

Utilities used include MGI Photosuite 8.1 and Milkshape 1.6.5.

Special thanks to Marco Fenske (nietzsche/The Quiet Man) for help with troubleshooting and skinning the head.

Credits and props to Valve, Gearbox, Through the Looking Glass and Irrational Games. Huzzah!
(Though screw Steam... for use with Half-Life 1 and its mods, anyways. And CS can port to it, I hate it anyways! Teehee.)